Spell check (#65)
rapidez/docs: src/3.x/extending.md

]
```

> To overwrite a model, simply create one. For example, `app/Models/Product.php` and extend the Rapidez model:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To overwrite a model, you can simply extend it. For example, create a new `app/Models/Product.php` file and extend the Rapidez model:
```

],
```

> Create your own controller. For example, `app/Controllers/Product.php`. Make sure you implement the methods as defined in the core controller and define it in the configuration as with models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For controllers, you can also extend them, for example: `app/Controllers/ProductController.php`. Make sure you implement the methods as defined in the core controller and define it in the configuration just like you would with models.
```
